welcome to my unboxing of the magic
touch ninja ten kilos keyboard from
Philco
so Philco is well no mystery to keyboard
aficionados and this one is absolutely
beautiful
I actually didn't check the outside of
the box before we open this and I didn't
realize that this was hi actually you
know what slick and I were discussing
this before we before we started doing
the keyboard unboxings for all of the
end all of the keyboards that are
alright and I was saying that I didn't
think I was going to be a fan of the
side labelled cheese but I am I really
like it so it looks just beautiful and
elegant and plain from the top down and
then from a slight angle you can see all
the keys just like that I really like
this okay so Philco right no no stranger
to connoisseurs of quality keyboards um
extremely well built some of the best
out there so there is no flex to the
deck nothing whatsoever the weight that
they had even a 10 kilos model like that
which means there's no number pad you
could probably still stun you know um
invader with it no problem with that
they also have a ton of different
customization options so you can
customize so many different things you
can customize the color of your deck you
can customize the types of keys that you
have on it so you can either have
writing on the top writing on the sides
you can have a full you can alright you
can customize the layout so you can have
a full size or a ten keyless which some
people prefer because they want to have
their keyboard laid out like this don't
worry the app when it's here they want
to have your keyboard like this and
their mouse in the mouse pad and then
the number pad over here as opposed to
having it on this side this is actually
in sort of purist terms slightly more
efficient because if you want to get to
your keyboard you go here if you want to
get to a number pad you go here as
opposed to going over the number
get all the way to the keyboard so there
you go um layout wise perfect long
shifts long enter' and long backspace it
has no number lock light so only scroll
locking caps lock but that stands to
reason because it doesn't have number
keys on it and let's have a look at what
switches this is using so Philco
actually sent us a variety of their
keyboards to check out and the right so
what makes this keyboard a quality
keyboard the biggest thing is a the
overall construction of it and hold on
there we go
and B the quality of the switches that
they're using so they're using Cherry MX
which is for all of their keyboards and
that combined with the rigidity of the
deck behind it is what gives you the
more comfortable less fatiguing and
faster typing experience than what you'd
get from a membrane keyboard and
basically unless a keyboard says it's
mechanical then it is a membrane
keyboard all right so here let's cover
everything so this is a body color black
key arrangement 87 key switches are blue
which means that they are quite clicky
and very tactile feeling and we were
actually looking at the box from the
keyboard features n key rollover which
means even if you type with your face it
will actually register all of your
keystrokes which is handy um if you type
with your face it uses a USB or ps2
interface it comes with an adapter the
printing position is front face so
that's what I'm talking about in terms
of the difference in how the keys are
printed so this actually avoids a
problem that a lot of people have with
keyboards and that is fading over time
of the lettering these will never ever
fade so you can clearly read them and
they won't fade and that seems like a
pretty good thing to me right in terms
of the non-slip enos so they've got four
pads down here as well as these are
fairly unique so they've got a rubber
pad that actually rolls all the way
around the outside of this so that even
if you have it elevated it is not going
anywhere whatsoever in terms of included
accessories they give you let's put that
back on they give you two additional
Windows keys these ones with the side
printing as a
- the ones with the embossed windows
logo on the top they give you the key
remover tool and the adapter that I
talked about before it also has a velcro
wrap for the cable itself which is
approximately one Linus arm span in
length which means it's about five and a
half feet or so
so in summary quality key switches so
far out of all the keyboards I've used
in my life this is the best most solid
overall feeling one other than I did
have an IBM model M and nothing can
compare but I actually gave it away so I
probably shouldn't have done that it's
looks looking at me like stricken right
now I really had one it was like an
early 90s one and it was ps2 and it was
just awesome in every possible way
anyway up so other than that one this is
as solid as I felt and this is with the
three fill codes that I've checked out
so far and I really don't know where I
was going with that because then I'm
really sad about my model M but if you
want a good typing experience cherry
blue switches are an excellent choice
personally I find them just fine for
gaming as well although not everyone
likes for gaming here get get close so
you can hear it you hear that actuation
point not everyone likes that sort of
very narrow actuation point there
whereas some of the other switches such
as the Reds of the blacks will have a
more smooth key press experience I love
the noise though and I love the feeling
and the the audio feedback of knowing
that I've pressed it correctly so I yeah
finally just fine for typing just fine
for gaming I type fastest on blues as
well so it is slick so you have to kind
of try things yourself because these are
so customizable get whatever switches
you want whatever key caps you want
whatever layout you want and you end up
with the best typing experience yeah you
pay for it but personally I think it's
worth it don't forget to subscribe to -
tech tips from unboxings reviews and
other computer video